Fix #13473: Lower Circus default price to avoid instant guest complaint (#21056)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Feature: [#20825] Made setting the game speed a game action.
- Feature: [#20853] [Plugin] Add “BaseTileElement.owner” which is saved in the park file.
- Change: [#20790] Default ride price set to free if park charges for entry.

> = Fix: [#13473] Circus default price lowered by 30 cents.

Reviewer: The changelog for a fix should list what the bug was, not the solution.

```suggestion
- Fix: [#13473] Guest complain that the default circus price is too high.
```
